[♪♪♪]
-Jeff?
-Hey.
-What are you doing here?
-I'm enjoying a cold, refreshing beverage.
We are in the middle of game night
upstairs at Liz's.
-It's your turn at charades.
-I know.
The movie I got was The Fugitive.
Leaving was my clue.
I made an effort, I wrote down celebrity
names, I threw them in the bowl.
Willy Nailer is not a celebrity.
-I know, but do you get it?
-Yes, Jeff, I get it.
Yes, I got it, I got it.
God, you have always been selfish,
but when did you become so anti-fun?
August 12th, 1995.
So now you remember
our wedding date?
I mean, come on.
Charades at Liz's,
you think that's fun?
That's how North Korea
gets information from prisoners.
You know, I am sick
of your lack of effort.
You never wanna go anywhere
or do anything!
You are zero fun.
Because everything you drag me
to is boring.
Why don't you, uh,
drag me to a strip club?
Or, uh, a different, uh, strip club.
Oh, God.
You know what? I'm done, I'm finished.
I officially give up.
I'm going back to Liz's to have fun.
You can stay here and be a jerk.
Audrey.
Yes?
If they still haven't opened up
that bottle of wine we brought.
-Bring it back.
-Oh, my God.
[SEÑOR HAPPY'S
"HOW MANY WAYS" PLAYING]
♪ How many ways
To say I love you ♪
♪ How many ways to say
That I'm not scared ♪
♪ With you by my side
There is no denying ♪
♪ I can't wait for me and you ♪♪
[♪♪♪]
Audrey,
I don't know where you are...
...but at the diner they've got
those Belgian waffles that you like.
So come on down, or, uh,
I could bring some up to you.
If you want.
Uh, by the way, this is Jeff.
Bingham.
She still freezing you out?
Oh, two days now.
She thinks that I'm selfish and no fun.
She's just getting that?
Talk about a long sink-in, heh.
-Oh, a tool. Oh.
-Oh, no.
What a douche.
-Look at this idiot.
-What's up, dudes?
-Hey, buddy.
-What are you doing?
Oh, no, I'm just rocking a little P.
Benatar. She helps me get my jog on.
This guy's just begging for it.
Ah, go ahead,
hit me with your best shot.
Don't do that.
-What's up with him?
-Audrey's still barely speaking to him.
Her default setting
is mildly annoyed at me...
...but this feels different.
Well, love is a battlefield.
I mean, at least when she yells at me,
I can yell back.
But, uh, you know, now she's all quiet
and checked out.
Yeah, congratulations,
you broke her spirit.
This is not a good thing.
-How are you gonna to fix it?
-I don't know.
I'm not sure I've got that club
in my bag.
Maybe it's time to call it quits,
you know, move on to wife number two.
Nah, not that bad.
But I may have to do something
I've never done before.
I may have to make an effort.
-Whoa. Whoa, whoa, whoa, come on.
-Just put the brakes on it.
I'm gonna figure out a way to show her
that I'm fun...
...and that I'm not selfish.
You know what's worked for me
in the past? Two words, Jeff.
Scavenger hunt.
-Hmm? What?
-Scav it up, bro.
Dude, give her a bunch of clues
to lead her on this cool...
...fun adventure all over the city.
-Ladies love it.
-Scav, dude.
It works with the chicks.
I usually send a girl a drink,
which leads her to getting drunk...
...which leads her to my beddy-bye.
Which leads her to the free clinic.
It's good, it's good because you make
the clues personal...
...with stuff from your relationship.
-Shows you've been paying attention.
-That sounds super gay.
-I was just trying to--
-No, no, no.
Super gay may be
what's called for here.
Audrey loves that kind of thing.
[CELL PHONE CHIRPS]
Ooh! All right. Oh, sweet.
I get a, uh, alert every time
a new celebrity sex tape drops.
Ooh, this is a good one.
-Who is it?
-I think it's the local weather chick.
[SIGHS]
Looks like she's got a high-pressure
system bearing down on her.
Ahem, uh,
you really shouldn't watch that.
Yeah, I know, I should wait
for a bigger screen, but I can't wait.
No, no, no, Russell, she doesn't
want you to see that, okay?
Some ex- boyfriend
probably put that online...
...and that's just not cool. Trust me.
Well, I seem to have struck
a personal chord.
Let's just say that someone, uh,
very close to me had this happen to her.
-Someone close to you.
-Her, her, her--
-Jen!
-Oh, my God--
ADAM: No!
There's a sex tape
with Jen on the internet.
-Sex tape with Jen.
-No!
No I did not say that, okay.
There's no reason anyone
should go looking--
RUSSELL:
Taxi!
[♪♪♪]
Hmm, called me in on a Saturday,
hard at work.
Must be looking at....
Ah, yes, pornography.
Adam let it slip that there's a sex tape
of Jen somewhere online...
...and I'm a-gonna find it.
Well, she is your good friend's
fiancée...
...so I can see how that would be
appropriate.
Anyway, here's your soda,
you repulsive beast.
My goodness, sir.
Oh, right, I've been at it a while.
Starting to tighten up a little bit, heh.
Here, help me with the can.
I gotta rehydrate.
Hmm, aah.
Okay, there's so many videos,
I'm never gonna find it.
Is this the part
where I give an inspirational speech...
...to see you through
your noble cause?
You're right, Timmy, I can do this.
And you're gonna help.
Sir, I don't care
how gnarled your hands are.
When you find the video,
you're on your own.
No. I just need you to help
narrow the search.
Go talk to Jen.
Root around
and find out some helpful deets.
-Okay, I will.
-You will?
You cave in that easy?
No big lecture
about your stupid dignity?
Ah, my dignity.
I wouldn't even recognize it
if I ran into it on the street.
[♪♪♪]
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
JEFF:
Hi.
So you got the scav all planned?
I'm lining it up as we speak.
Sweet. What's your launch?
I'm recreating the trip to New York
that Audrey and I took back in college.
Solid.
Clues start
at the bar the Hotel Essex.
Later to all the places that we went...
...and then end up in a room
at the Hotel Du Jour.
ADAM:
Mm-hm.
Where, uh, we will once again
destroy it.
[ADAM CHUCKLES]
That's some good work, my man.
And I got you these.
A bag full of rose petals.
I feel like if I accept this I'm sending you
the wrong message.
No, no, it's for your launch.
Okay, spell out that first clue
in these rose petals.
It's a classy touch that's led
to some of my more successful scavs.
-Thanks.
-Yeah.
All right, well, you should, uh,
probably get outta here.
-Because Audrey's on her way home?
-No.
[♪♪♪]
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
JENNIFER:
Oh, hi, Timmy.
-Adam's out.
-Actually, it was you I was looking for.
Oh, why?
Because, uh, well, I've come to know
Adam so it occurred to me, Ms. Morgan...
...that I know so very little about you.
Where you're from,
what make you tick.
Do you know I can't even name
one of your ex-boyfriends?
Shameful.
-Okay, what's going on?
-I see I've been found out.
[JENNIFER SIGHS]
Jennifer, please forgive me.
Russell wanted me to ply you...
...for information
regarding a certain sex tape.
What?
The one an ex-boyfriend of yours
put on the internet.
Look I don't know
what you're talking about.
Why would Russell think.... Adam.
Oh, there's no sex tape.
I told him an ex-boyfriend
made a mix tape for me.
Ah, a mistake very much
in Mr. Rhodes's wheelhouse.
Now go tell that disgusting troll
to call off the search.
I shall, heh.
Although, there is a far more
rewarding option here.
Timmy, I like you,
but we're not making a sex tape.
[♪♪♪]
[KNOCKS]
-Sir.
-Hey, there's my little brown gumshoe.
All right, what do you got?
Well, it wasn't easy.
-Hmm.
-And it's not much to go on...
...but the man with whom Ms. Morgan
made the tape, sir, was older.
Hey, daddy issues.
-Seventy-two to be exact.
-Whoa...
...granddaddy issues.
Well, I'm just going to have
to adjust my search.
Oh!
Old guy junk.
Well, uh, I'll just leave you
to your work then, shall I, sir?
[RUSSELL SIGHS]
Oh, no!
[♪♪♪]
[CELL PHONE RINGING]
Oh. Crap.
[GRUNTS]
-Hello?
JEFF [OVER PHONE]: Hey, honey.
-Are you, uh, home yet?
-Uh, just about to head in.
Glad I caught you.
I know you've been bummed with me.
But I did something to make it up to you.
Really?
And I have to say
it's pretty thoughtful.
Is that so?
A grand gesture
that will right all the wrongs.
-What is it?
JEFF: I can't say.
But I left you a little message.
A message?
Wait, what are you talking about?
Gotta go.
[SIGHS]
Hot sex?
What an ass.
[♪♪♪]
[CELL PHONE RINGS]
-It's Audrey.
-Okay.
-Did you see the message that I left you?
-Yeah, I saw it.
-Do you know what it means?
-Yeah, it's pretty clear.
-Where are you?
JEFF: No, no, no, no.
You're not getting it that easy.
You gotta work for it.
-Work for it? What the....?
-I'll see you later, heh.
Yeah, she's totally into it.
[♪♪♪]
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
So, sir, still enjoying watching the aged
bump wrinklies?
I found it.
Uh, found what?
Jen's sex tape. I found it, come here.
-Huh? Huh? Huh?
-Huh, it does look a lot like her.
RUSSELL:
Hmm.
But I'm positive it's not.
-How are you positive?
-Well, first off...
...this woman's hair is blonde.
Well, not all of it. Scroll down.
-Oh, dear.
-Heh-heh-heh.
Well, sir, the gentleman
looks rather young.
Heh, you wouldn't call him a gentleman
if you saw the whole thing.
All right, um, even so, how did you get
from elderly pornography to this?
That's an interesting story.
After seven punishing hours
of geezer pleasers...
...I says to myself, I says...
"What kind of old guy
would Jen wind up with?"
Maybe a college professor?
Let's look at the facts.
Jen attended Rutgers University.
I dug up her transcripts,
and, by the way, ouch, heh.
Clearly not the grades
of someone sleeping with her professor.
Which, uh, led you to her--
BOTH: Yearbook.
-Yes, precisely.
In it I found several photos of her
with a guy that were getting quite cozy.
Using facial recognition software
I discovered, uh, this.
-Incredible, sir.
-Isn't it?
Now I'll have to ask you to leave.
If you'd please lock the door
behind you.
I don't wanna be disturbed
while I'm, uh, reviewing the data.
[♪♪♪]
I got a sweet room upstairs.
Audrey's gonna go nuts.
She loves this place.
She's really dragging this out.
How long do these things usually take?
Okay, well, the longest it's ever taken is,
like, an hour and a half.
And let me tell you that girl
is no genius. When she was--
[COUGHS THEN CHOKES]
Whoa.
I think I swallowed a toothpick.
I'm gonna text her,
see how she's doing.
Seriously. I mean, this is the worst
he has ever been.
He says, "All wrongs will be righted."
...and then leaves me a message
that says, Hot Sex.
What, that's going to fix everything?
I don't know,
sometimes that works for us.
[CELL PHONE CHIMES]
Oh, great. A text from him.
"What are you doing?"
Heh, he wants to know what I'm doing?
I'll tell him what I'm doing.
[CELL PHONE CHIMES]
-I'm about to pack a bag.
-Hey!
All right.
She must have gotten the last clue...
...and gone home to get her stuff.
[CELL PHONE CHIMES]
"Hurry up and get going."
-What, is he having a stroke?
-Ugh, I don't need this.
I really am going to pack a bag.
I'm gonna stay at a hotel tonight.
Ooh, what a jerk!
-This is great. I owe you, buddy.
-Oh, thanks, man.
Hey, you could just get this.
Nah, I'll just owe you.
[♪♪♪]
Ms. Morgan, please believe...
...I did everything in my power
to prevent this.
-About what?
-Hello, Jennifer.
-Are you still looking for that sex tape?
-No, because I already found it.
-What?
-He thinks he has.
-But it's clearly not you.
-Oh, there's nothing clear about it.
I'm gonna ask you one question,
and then I'll drop it.
Is this you?
No!
I don't believe you
and I'm not dropping it!
Sir, she just confirmed it's not her.
There's only one way to know for sure.
The girl in this video
has a butterfly tattoo on her--
[CHUCKLES]
Well, let's keep it classy
and call it her bikini line.
Yes, let's keep it classy.
Okay, so if I take off my pants
and show you...
...that I don't have a butterfly tattoo,
will that end this?
That should do it.
Wait, go outside, I'll take off my pants,
and then signal you to come back in.
That should be acceptable.
This is great!
Because even if it's not her,
we still get to see stuff.
[SIGHS]
[LOCKS TURNING]
[WHISPERS]
Was that the signal?
[♪♪♪]
Ah, there she is.
Jeff, what are you doing here?
What do you mean? I am your prize.
All right, I got the.... Dude!
Dude, dude, dude, what happened?
Oh, you gotta clean up
before Audrey gets here.
What did you do that for?
For the same reason I did this.
Please stop that, mine was top shelf.
Did Jen tell you I was coming here?
No, I knew you were coming here
because of the scavenger hunt.
What scavenger hunt?
The scavenger hunt
that you're on right now.
-I'm not on a scavenger hunt.
-Oh, the hell you're not!
It's the grand romantic gesture
that I did.
Oh, spelling out
"Hot Sex" in rose petals?
What? No.
It wasn't " Hot Sex,"
it was, uh, " Hotel Essex".
Some of the rose petals must have
gotten, uh, moved around.
You gotta anchor them buddy.
Excuse me.
[♪♪♪]
And the bartender
at Coughlin's...
...was gonna send you
to the handsome cab driver...
...who was going to bring you here.
You actually remembered all those things
from when we were dating?
[SIGHS]
-Yeah.
-Ha-ha-ha.
-That was some fun stuff.
-It was fun.
And that's my point.
We should still be doing fun stuff.
Damn it, I knew this was going
to come back to bite me in the ass.
Jeff, come on, this was really nice.
-But it can't just be a one-time thing.
-Of course not...
...but I do have to draw the line
at Liz's game night.
Hmm, fair enough, it was pretty awful.
You got out before Twister.
Hmm.
Everyone else learned that Liz
is not a fan of underwear.
Well, from here on in,
I promise to make more of an effort.
I would appreciate it.
Hey, speaking of fun stuff...
...you still haven't collected your prize.
[CHUCKLES]
Let me guess, you wanna give me
my prize up in our room?
Well, we could do it here,
...but the, uh, staff seemed pretty upset
when it was just drinks flying around.
Heh, yeah. Let's take this upstairs.
And in the spirit of fun,
I tied a ribbon around your prize.
AUDREY:
Hmm. Charming.
[ELEVATOR BELL DINGS]
[AUDREY MOANS]
Wow.
I, uh, probably should have left
a little more play in that ribbon.
[♪♪♪]
Hey.
Look what I found in the closet.
Oh, God.
-What?
-I just forgot I had it.
Maybe we should use this next time
we fool around, huh?
-Okay, sure, heh.
-Yeah?
Hey, check it out.
I'm a surfer dude.
Does that do it for you?
Yeah.
-Ha-ha-ha.
-All right, cool.
[♪♪♪]